So in the last lecture, we worked on our server side code to make sure we can handle incoming form data
with files.
Now we want to test it and to test it, we'll of course use our application, reload it,
we changed the service worker so now we should install the new service worker, open tab to activate it
and now with that, we can actually open this,
take a nice image,
that's not a nice image,
we'll still send it
and we already get an error here
before I try to send it, that dataURItoBlob is not defined.
That's a super hard to find and fix error because it's very hard to figure out what's wrong here.
Do you have any idea?
Hint, have a look at the service worker and the files we pre-cache.
Now let me show you what's wrong.
We clearly added this method to utility.js,
still somehow our code doesn't find it.
The issue is that in the service worker, we never pre-cache the utility file.
We dynamically cache it though,
so if we visit a page at least once, we add it to the dynamic cache which is why we didn't have any issues
in the past. We still should add it to our pre-cache here,
so I'll add utility.js here. Now we change that file and I'll bump up the static version, though not strictly
required since we already change the file.
I'll reload the file and/or the page and open a new tab to activate a new service worker.
If I now try this again, I can't look good on these images. Anyways
I again get this dataURItoBlob is not defined,
even though we're now pre-caching the file.
The issue as I said is hard to find.
We do have that file in two caches now, the static one, we successfully pre-cache it,
here it is
but also still in that dynamic
one from before, here it is
and turns out it fetches this one which of course is not the updated version because we never changed
our dynamic version number because we didn't need to in the past,
well now we need to. So let me bump this up so that this gets cleared, that we start new.
So I'll refresh this to install the new service worker and I'll activate it now so that the old
cache gets cleaned up.
We see in the console,
the old dynamic cache was removed.
Now we also have issues getting this sf-boat because we don't have it in our dynamic cache now.
Now we don't get this sf-boat anymore
and if we reload, we get these errors.
The reason for that is simple, we can't get them from the web anymore because I deleted that file on Firebase
and it was the file we had on our old posts.
So what I'll do is quickly get rid of all old posts because we'll start adding posts with images soon.
So now we get rid of the error because we'll have no more posts with that image anymore.
So now, let's go there and now try to take a good picture,
yes
better at least
and let's now test that upload from Munich.
So let's hit post here to upload it
and this looks good,
I get my push notification and if we now open Firebase and go to the database, we see our new post here, from
Munich, test upload. We see a URL here and under storage, we also see the file here,
here. Now if I reload the page, we also see our posts here.
So this is now working
and you could change the image positioning simply with CSS styles.
That's awesome,
now we indeed can upload our own images to Firebase, to any back-end actually, we're just sending a normal
HTTP request in the end, right,
that's all we do in the service worker,
just sending a fetch request here with some post data and we're handling it, in this case on our example back-end
using Firebase,
of course you could use any back-end, can't stress this enough.
The real king here is the camera though
and you who probably also got a working camera in your application too. Now that we see each other,
I can announce that the next thing we'll take care about is this geolocation feature here, so that
we can actually get our real location.
We'll do this in the next lectures, before we do that,
here's one other thing we must not forget though.
Let's dive into that first.